feat(docs): Add skeleton mdbook config and docs (#7)
mozilla/ecosystem-test-scripts: docs/cli/README.md

```sh
make format
```

#### SEE ALSO

- [`check`](#check) -- Run linting, formatting, security, and type checks.

---

### `test`

Run tests.

#### USAGE

```sh
make test
```

#### SEE ALSO

- [`test_coverage`](#test_coverage) -- Run tests with coverage reporting.
- [`test_coverage_html`](#test_coverage_html) -- Run tests and generate HTML coverage report.

---

### `test_coverage`

Run tests with coverage reporting.

#### USAGE

```sh
make test_coverage
```

#### SEE ALSO

- [`test`](#test) -- Run tests.
- [`test_coverage_html`](#test_coverage_html) -- Run tests and generate HTML coverage report.

### `test_coverage_html`

Run tests and generate HTML coverage report.

#### USAGE

```sh
make test_coverage_html
```

#### SEE ALSO

- [`test`](#test) -- Run tests.
- [`test_coverage`](#test_coverage) -- Run tests with coverage reporting.

---

### `run_circleci_scraper`

Run the CircleCI scraper.

#### USAGE

```sh
make run_circleci_scraper
```

In order to use this command, you need to make sure you set your [personal CircleCI token](https://circleci.com/docs/managing-api-tokens/) in your local config.ini file, as seen below:

```ini
[circleci_scraper]
token = <YoUr_tOkEn_hErE>
```

> By default, only the 2 previous days of data is fetched. If you want to customize how many previous days are fetched, you can set the `days_of_data` option in your local config.ini file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `days_of_data` option is not present in the config.ini file, the default of "all available data" will be fetched. If you want to customize how many previous days are fetched, you can set the `days_of_data` option in your local config.ini file:
```
